It's all we have done.
Now we have to check that part and simply run.
So I don't think.
Remove this.
Simply saved is on our programming.
No.
Here we have the New York lost.
It's not showing the message.
So I think something is wrong.
Can we go here?
You can.
Okay.
What can we do?
The chain label
to label message and not set next to the.
Keep blank here.
What we will do.
We will remove this condition here.
This one.
One.
You simply don't.
Copy this.
As soon.
Okay.
Here is this.
If you we have to remove that and no simply run our finding an.
And check it if it's showing.
So you have lost.
European.
Living things, not working.
Maybe what we will do.
We can do one more thing here.
Go to the election.
And check it.
Okay.
So we need this election.
But don't.
Okay.
So write and or call this matter and action and then save this program and run this again.
And simply we will click your last play again.
Okay.
So now we can.
What?
What application?
One more thing.
What can we do?
So change it to the enable labels, make it to the counter so that it will run perfectly, maybe shrink
that.
No.
Okay.
Who?
Hmm.
Okay.
So the program is running good.
Is it interacting with the user?
Randy Clicking on the styles you have lost and again.
So again, if some.
Okay.
Again, here.
If you go right to.
You lost.